Today, the green canvas works easily.
Set the lights correctly, give someone a camera,
you have little to set up in your graphics software and you've got it done.
But how did they do before the computers?
There are two answers. One for the film strip, the other for the video.
To make that clear, this is a summary, I skip the first attempts and blind aisles.
Let's see the movies first.
Real bold movie strips.
There are no pixels here, everything is a chemical process.
Light strikes the photosensitive tape 24 times per second.
If you mess up something, you can not erase it.
The belt is used and you have to buy a new one.
The first methods included shooting an actor in front of a black background.
Then, copies were made with increasing contrast until you had just a silhouette.
This allows you to take advantage of a double exposure.
They used chemistry and a thing called an optical printer.
In the background, they created an opening into which an actor was placed.
Or a part of an actor like Claud Rains in the Invisible Man.
We have been using similar forms of contrasting methods for decades.
The breakthrough was the discovery of a traveling mask.
Disney,
who was the only one in the world to have a camera that did it.
The actors played normally but stood in front of the white background,
which was illuminated by the orange light of sodium lamps.
Sodium light is monochrome, it only shines on one wavelength.
Using the optics, you can shoot on one strip, ignoring the background
and to the other that responds only to this light.
This gives us an almost perfect traveling mask.
It worked for semi-transparent objects, like a Mary Poppins hat.
The green and blue cloths of analog films worked almost the same.
They used filters that interrupted certain colors and created a mask.
Then they carefully connected it to the optical printer.
Then computers appeared and made it much easier.
But what on TV?
Computers originated before you think.
The BBC used the Quantel Paintbox set
ever since the shooting of Doctor Who in the 1980s.
But before that, the video consisted of only the electrical signals captured by the sensor.
After recording, these signals were recorded on the magnetic tape.
The film strip was not used.
But you can combine electrical signals.
You can build a circuit that will perform analog operations.
Connect or create a transition between two signals
they have already proven themselves in the beginnings of black and white television.
In color TV you have red, green and blue signals.
Although airborne compatibility has not been transferred separately, it is a long time.
But you can create a system that will track signals,
and when it captures the exact color you want,
this will turn off the signal together with the background.
This was used for live broadcasts.
They even tried to create moving shots using a complex transfer system,
which synchronized the motion of two cameras.
One occupied the actor on a blue background, the other occupied the model.
Sometimes it worked.
No pixels, no memory or hard drives.
You could not adjust the settings and try it differently.
If it did not work, you did what you could.
Every day in the studio was a stack of money
and at least six technicians were required.
And then the computers came
and these techniques have become obsolete.
Nowadays, maybe a nigger with a laptop
and After Effects copies to create this video in one afternoon.
Translation: Mithril www.videacesky.cz